#Project Title
**The Options Chain**

---

#Project Description
>A simple Web app built to display options chain. The data is being generated by a jar file which is refering to a dataset. The jar file generates almost 1500 data entries every 30 seconds which are to be displayed on the web page. Other requirements of the project are clean UI and a better UX. The data is to be transferred from the java server to frontend using socket programming. Django acts as the middleware in this project which sends a byte to the java server gets the data and performs necessary calculations. ReactJs is used for frontend and also features the API which gets the data from middleware to display on the frontend.

--- 

#Problem Statement
>The candidates will be provided with a market data stream over TCP/IP which will contain the market data structure as given below. Your goal is to process the market data and Calculate Implied volatility (IV), etc. and display as an options chain screen (e.g. ["nseindia"](https://www.nseindia.com/option-chain)) as a webpage. The following points should be catered.
>1. Highlight the "in the money" options and "out of money" options differently as shown in above example.
>2. There must be a selection of underlying and different expiries.
>3. The options chain should work in real-time. As the market data changes, the fields should be recalculated and refreshed on screen without having to reload on the browser.

---

#Technology Stack
> 1. React JS
> 2. Django
> 3. JAVA
> 4. JSON
> 5. PYTHON
> 6. JAVASCRIPT

---

#Requirements:
> 1. java version --11 
> 2. django 
> 3. node js
> 4. python

---

#Instructions for Execution of the project:
Download [Java JAR File](feed-play-1.0.jar), [Dataset](https://www.techgig.com/files/contest_upload_files/dataset_(3).zip)

On Windows Terminal
`java -Ddebug=true -Dspeed=2.0 -classpath {file_location}/feed-play-1.0.jar hackathon.player.Main {file_location}/dataset.csv 9011`  
This will start generating data from the dataset

On 2nd Terminal
```
cd Edelweiss-hack/Edelweiss/bot 
python manage.py runserver
``` 
This will start the django server

On 3rd Terminal
```
cd Edelweiss-hack/Edelweiss/react-app
npm i
``` 
This will install necessary dependencies for react app

On same terminal
`npm run build`

`npm start` 
this will start the react app

Open any browser and enter localhost:3000 or click [TheOptionsChain](http://localhost:3000) to redirect to the webapp homepage 

Once the webpage loads, 
_Happy Hacking!_
